10 ways to improve Accessibility

1- Use a CMS that supports accessibility
     When building a website, choose a content management system (CMS) that supports web accessibility. Be sure that page layouts, themes, widgets, plugins, and other aspects are compatible with web accessibility standards such as WCAG 2.0.
2- Structure and organize with headers
     Headers are a great resource that, when used correctly, structure and organize content on a webpage. This allows all users to easily navigate your web pages, and even improve your SEO score making it easier for you to generate more traffic to your site.
3- Assign alt tags for images
     Images on a webpage provide great value to users. Nonetheless, they can create barriers for users with limited or impaired vision.
4- Use descriptive title for links
     Using descriptive titles for links will make it easier for those who rely on screen readers to navigate your website to understand the purpose of the link and where they will be redirected.
5-  Use colors carefully
     Colors can help your users easily distinguish different sets of information. However, color blindness and other disabilities can make it difficult for users to find information, call-to-action buttons, or other aspects when developers fail to maintain a proper contrast of colors.
6- Design forms for web accessibility
     When designing online forms, it is important to properly label text fields with a descriptive title so people who rely on screen readers can properly complete the forms.
7-  Use tables for tabular data
     When tables are used for page layout purposes, users that rely on screen readers can face extra difficulties in understanding the content. 
8- Ensure site navigation via a keyboard
     A major part of web accessibility is ensuring barrier-free navigation for millions of users with motor function and vision difficulties. As a result, verify that your website can be fully navigated using the tab and arrow keys or alternative hardware such as a mouth stick or single-switch input.
9- Turn dynamic content into accessible content
     When embedding videos or gifs into your website, it is important to provide closed captions and text alternatives for users with hearing or visual impairments.
10-  Validate web accessibility
     Validating your website through accessibility testing is an important step in the process of uncovering any bugs or design flaws that prevent people with disabilities from accessing your site and its content. 